# MITx-6.431x-Probability---The-Science-of-Uncertainty-and-Data
A guide on how to use the wealth of available material  This class provides you with a great wealth of material, perhaps more than you can fully digest. This “guide" offers some tips about how to use this material.  Start with the overview of a unit, when available. This will help you get an overview of what is to happen next. Similarly, at the end of a unit, watch the unit summary to consolidate your understanding of the “big picture" and of the relation between different concepts.  Watch the lecture videos. You may want to download the slides (clean or annotated) at the beginning of each lecture, especially if you cannot receive high-quality streaming video. Some of the lecture clips proceed at a moderate speed. Whenever you feel comfortable, you may want to speed up the video and run it faster, at 1.5x.  Do the exercises! The exercises that follow most of the lecture clips are a most critical part of this class. Some of the exercises are simple adaptations of you may have just heard. Other exercises will require more thought. Do your best to solve them right after each clip — do not defer this for later – so that you can consolidate your understanding. After your attempt, whether successful or not, do look at the solutions, which you will be able to see as soon as you submit your own answers.  Solved problems and additional materials. In most of the units, we are providing you with many problems that are solved by members of our staff. We provide both video clips and written solutions. Depending on your learning style, you may pick and choose which format to focus on. But in either case, it is important that you get exposed to a large number of problems.  The textbook. If you have access to the textbook, you can find more precise statements of what was discussed in lecture, additional facts, as well as several examples. While the textbook is recommended, the materials provided by this course are self-contained. See the “Textbook information" tab in Unit 0 for more details.  Problem sets. One can really master the subject only by solving problems – a large number of them. Some of the problems will be straightforward applications of what you have learned. A few of them will be more challenging. Do not despair if you cannot solve a problem – no one is expected to do everything perfectly. However, once the problem set solutions are released (which will happen on the due date of the problem set), make sure to go over the solutions to those problems that you could not solve correctly.  Exams. The midterm exams are designed so that in an on-campus version, learners would be given two hours. The final exam is designed so that in an on-campus version, learners would be given three hours. You should not expect to spend much more than this amount of time on them. In this respect, those weeks that have exams (and no problem sets!) will not have higher demands on your time. The level of difficulty of exam questions will be somewhere between the lecture exercises and homework problems.  Time management. The corresponding on-campus class is designed so that students with appropriate prerequisites spend about 12 hours each week on lectures, recitations, readings, and homework. You should expect a comparable effort, or more if you need to catch up on background material. In a typical week, there will be 2 hours of lecture clips, but it might take you 4-5 hours when you add the time spent on exercises. Plan to spend another 3-4 hours watching solved problems and additional materials, and on textbook readings. Finally, expect about 4 hours spent on the weekly problem sets.  Additional practice problems. For those of you who wish to dive even deeper into the subject, you can find a good collection of problems at the end of each chapter of the print edition of the book, whose solutions are available online.
